Update nullable-reference-types.md (#14875)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/tutorials/nullable-reference-types.md

ms.date: 02/19/2019
ms.custom: mvc
---

> # Tutorial: express your design intent more clearly with nullable and non-nullable reference types

Reviewer: Even though we don't cover this scenario in our guidelines, I think that in the case of tutorials, I actually prefer if the title after the : starts with uppercase. It seems to be different than the How to: guidance that we were given.

As you write the code, you'll see that a non-nullable reference type as the default for references avoids common mistakes that could lead to null reference exceptions. One lesson from this tutorial is that you made decisions about which variables could or could not be null. The language didn't provide syntax to express those decisions. Now it does.

The app you'll build does the following steps:

> 1. Create a survey and add questions to it.

Reviewer: It seems these steps should be in 3rd person, like
```suggestion
1. Creates a survey and adds questions to it.
```
